docs/IREMod.md, before:

Arma 3 - IRE Mod: Feature documentation
=======================================

All of the addon PBOs implicitly depend on `ire_mod_main` and CBA.

---

`ire_mod_ai`: AI tweaks
-----------------------
(Depends on: `ace_cargo`)

### Cargo unload actions

![](./screenshots/ai_cargo-unload-actions.jpg)

**CBA settings**:
- `ire_mod_ai_cargoUnloadActionsEnabled` (Global, boolean)

Adds actions (that appear in the "action command" category at key 6) to all
commanded AI units to unload specific ACE cargo items from nearby vehicles.

---

`ire_mod_medical`: ACE medical tweaks
-------------------------------------
(Depends on: `ace_medical`, `ace_medical_engine`, `ace_medical_treatment`,
 `ace_medical_status`, `ace_medical_vitals`, `ace_medical_statemachine`)

### Treatment hints

![](./screenshots/medical_treatment-hints.jpg)

**CBA settings**:
- `ire_mod_medical_treatmentHintsEnabled` (Global, boolean)

**Other variables**:
- `ire_mod_medical_allowTreatmentSelfHints` (boolean, default: `false`)

Whenever someone is treating you, show a text hint below the medical menu.
If your player unit is unconscious, the hint will not be detailed.  To include
self treatment actions in hints, set `allowTreatmentSelfHints` to true.

### Wound patching
**CBA settings**:
- `ire_mod_medical_woundPatchingEnabled` (Global, boolean)
- `ire_mod_medical_woundPatchingTimeMultiplier` (Global, number)

Enables wound patching, which works like a bandage, but slower by the factor of
`woundPatchingTimeMultiplier`.  Only available when no bandages are usable.

### Epinephrine bonus
**CBA settings**:
- `ire_mod_medical_epiBonusEnabled` (Global, boolean)
- `ire_mod_medical_epiBonusDuration` (Global, time in seconds)
- `ire_mod_medical_epiBonusCooldown` (Global, time in seconds)

Enables epinephrine bonus, which will force a unit treated with epinephrine to
temporarily wake up and stop limping.  The cooldown setting is counted between
epinephrine injections (not between epinephrine bonus ending and another
injection).

---

`ire_mod_ui`: GUI tweaks
------------------------
(Depends on: `ace_common`)

### Show terrain name in map

![](./screenshots/ui_terrain-name.jpg)

**CBA settings**:
- `ire_mod_ui_showTerrainNameInMap` (Client only, boolean)

Shows the human-readable world (terrain) name in the map display on the top
panel.

### Clean up diary records

![](./screenshots/ui_remove-diary-entries.jpg)

**CBA settings**:
- `ire_mod_ui_cleanupDiaryRecords` (Client only, boolean)

Removes CBA and Task Force Radio diary entries from the map display.

Commit message:

Medical: Add epi bonus probability setting

docs/IREMod.md, after:

Arma 3 - IRE Mod: Feature documentation
=======================================

All of the addon PBOs implicitly depend on `ire_mod_main` and CBA.

---

`ire_mod_ai`: AI tweaks
-----------------------
(Depends on: `ace_cargo`)

### Cargo unload actions

![](./screenshots/ai_cargo-unload-actions.jpg)

**CBA settings**:
- `ire_mod_ai_cargoUnloadActionsEnabled` (Global, boolean)

Adds actions (that appear in the "action command" category at key 6) to all
commanded AI units to unload specific ACE cargo items from nearby vehicles.

---

`ire_mod_medical`: ACE medical tweaks
-------------------------------------
(Depends on: `ace_medical`, `ace_medical_engine`, `ace_medical_treatment`,
 `ace_medical_status`, `ace_medical_vitals`, `ace_medical_statemachine`)

### Treatment hints

![](./screenshots/medical_treatment-hints.jpg)

**CBA settings**:
- `ire_mod_medical_treatmentHintsEnabled` (Global, boolean)

**Other variables**:
- `ire_mod_medical_allowTreatmentSelfHints` (boolean, default: `false`)

Whenever someone is treating you, show a text hint below the medical menu.
If your player unit is unconscious, the hint will not be detailed.  To include
self treatment actions in hints, set `allowTreatmentSelfHints` to true.

### Wound patching
**CBA settings**:
- `ire_mod_medical_woundPatchingEnabled` (Global, boolean)
- `ire_mod_medical_woundPatchingTimeMultiplier` (Global, number)

Enables wound patching, which works like a bandage, but slower by the factor of
`woundPatchingTimeMultiplier`.  Only available when no bandages are usable.

### Epinephrine bonus
**CBA settings**:
- `ire_mod_medical_epiBonusEnabled` (Global, boolean)
- `ire_mod_medical_epiBonusProbability` (Global, percentage)
- `ire_mod_medical_epiBonusDuration` (Global, time in seconds)
- `ire_mod_medical_epiBonusCooldown` (Global, time in seconds)

**Other variables**:
- `ire_mod_medical_cooldownOnFailedEpiBonus` (boolean, default: `false`)

Enables epinephrine bonus, which will force a unit treated with epinephrine to
temporarily wake up and stop limping.  The cooldown setting is counted between
epinephrine injections (not between epinephrine bonus ending and another
injection).  The epinephrine bonus effect is applied conditionally with the
probability `ire_mod_medical_epiBonusProbability`; if
`ire_mod_medical_cooldownOnFailedEpiBonus` is set to true, cooldown will also
fire after a failed bonus check.

---

`ire_mod_ui`: GUI tweaks
------------------------
(Depends on: `ace_common`)

### Show terrain name in map

![](./screenshots/ui_terrain-name.jpg)

**CBA settings**:
- `ire_mod_ui_showTerrainNameInMap` (Client only, boolean)

Shows the human-readable world (terrain) name in the map display on the top
panel.

### Clean up diary records

![](./screenshots/ui_remove-diary-entries.jpg)

**CBA settings**:
- `ire_mod_ui_cleanupDiaryRecords` (Client only, boolean)

Removes CBA and Task Force Radio diary entries from the map display.
